# NATHANIEL LOWIS'S FINAL YEAR PROJECT

The Git Repository address is: https://git.cs.bham.ac.uk/projects-2022-23/nrl985
All the main code is in the code/ folder.  To run the code, the machine must have the PettingZoo module pip installed, along with numpy, matplotlib and dill.  Use the hyperparameters.py file to edit the agents used, the topology used and the hyperparameters used.  Make sure the machine running the code has the folders saved\_data/figs, saved\_data/training\_rewards and saved\_data/trained\_agents in the folder code/.  To save the trained agents, uncomment out line 129 in file\_management.py to be able to save an agent to your machine.  Be cautious using this however as it has been known to crash laptops when trying to save the agents so losing ALL saved data.  Finally, to run the code, run main.py in the folder code/ and choose 2 in the menu to train and test.  Choose 1 to only train the agents but this is not as tested.  If you run the code you should be able to train and test a set of Fully Connected Agents.

To rerun the 4 agent tests make sure in hyperparameters.py agent\_hyperparameters is set to 4 and reward\_function is set to 1 and graph\_hyperparamters is set to 1 (with the line graph set to 4 agents).  To rerun the 12 agent test choose a topology to use and set that in graph\_hyperparameters.  Also make sure that gamma\_hop and the number of agents is set correctly.  Set reward\_functions to 2 as well.  These should run the tests as were run for the project.  For the when we split out the agents 7 and 8 you need to edit in evaluation.py the reward\_array\_cumulative from 6 to 8 along with reward\_list\_evaluation.  Then set reward\_function to 3.  Choose a graph and run the code.  It should be fairly obvious however to use the hyperparameters file.

All the code to run graphs and analysis is in the analysis/folder.  Copy any agents rewards from code/saved\_data/training
\_rewards to code/analysis/saved\_data/ for 4 agent tests and to code/analysis/saved\_data\_twelve/ for 12 agent tests.  Create the folders in analysis/ figs/ and figs\_twelve as well.  Finally, update the lists in both main\_analysis.py and main\_graph.py to point to the correct files.  (There is already data in the folders which will be able to replicate the results which are presented in this project).  Finally, run either main\_analysis.py or main\_graph.py to see the analysis and to create the graphs respectively.  

To see the network topology analysis run network\_topologies\_analysis.py